only you guys want the nerds is that this
new more goals with one more gameplay
car to joke
This time I'm recording the video here.
because there are already ten more videos here
channel and it's been a while since I
pornographic video let's games is what it is
talk a little here with you about
this things
will see it 's worth it if it does yesterday
January 8 will be the announcement Pokémon
x pokémon y or english pokémon black e
pokémon white and this is one of the biggest
evidence all over the activity of
people who name the game a little
wind
Follow me with me at the beginning.
Pokémon edge and thats the basic things
municipalities making sense because the game
it was in black and white
then we had some stones
precious with pokémon gold silver bronze
it was not the third generation we had
Emerald Sapphire Maria of the neighborhood
in the fourth generation of beautiful diamond
garden and I finally in the fifth generation
that's just punctual now we've had
michael jackson pokémon
with the launch of the sixth generation of
pokémons we have a pokémon x
y that must be an analogy
math is clear because if it is
here I did an exact course in college
see pokémon x and y
every day opel choose you heuristic
What the hell is this? I think it's
evolving so euric that evolved to
its simpler is not just for
speak badly of the name of the game pokémon
It's really to talk a little about
prejudice that some people have with
the new generations pokémon new generations
a coincidence of the third generation
The bug is your emerald daughter .
prejudice and there is so much
many people including the euro
grew up watching Pokémon
So we came home at school.
and she turned on the television a pass a
little madness comes late on foot and
When I got to school later, I was there.
How were you with your classmates?
draw the 0
The problem is that a little long nor
It was always just an example.
in fact the pokémon started from the game
the cartoon was adapted from the game
pokémon and no ooo game was the tonic
with many genius games then the pokémon
in fact the essence of the people as it is
in game boy games and the variations that
i bought it for nintendo consoles
so many people stopped
watch pokemon the drawing from the
third direction that was when a
design and there
where you go with the open television and
started happening only on cable television and
because of this people will not play
more pokémon games
but as the fan of nintendo
I never quit fighting and have until
here is not prescribed in
we are the champions
I am showing much less those
accustomed to the public at last the people
who only liked the Pokémon of the
first and second generation have ended
a little prejudice with pokémons
who have had the following not long ago
sense because pokémon as well as
any other anime game that made
very successful
evolved and continues to evolve
have time that the basic animals end
so you can play placed a
maracutaia there paint another different color
and gives a name similar to the animal and
ready that has one pokémon but by another
sex
the game has evolved and developed into the
best season in the most competitive games
From Japan you have tournament being
performed at each corner thanks to
street near s team
for example you can find
people with 3ds passing on the same street
You and there then are some tapes.
what happens inside the game that if you
find the person you're beautiful has
That sort of thing is very cool.
because you have a community of gamers
that extrapolates the game
digital media and passes the actual plan was
because of this I also bought only
hence
this is the pokéwalker he is very
positive that puts a pokémon of the game
of nintendo ds here and the more it passes
You give a little is not winning.
experience later when you take
pokémon went up to say the
It's true, I bought one here so I can
be a little home and start doing
gym but I found out it was more
easy you see the pokémons you
arrest of the fan and inapa
lets call there and go up much more
fast
well then I'll stay around here I hope
did you like
this was just a spy about the game
Pokemon expected enough now
will be released in October
I want to buy 13 10 and I think it will
do well in the game so if you have
Prejudice against Pokemon Your Look One
little on the other side of the coin and games
new beings games worth
Interviewed you also like the video
design
the only bad scene is sign up for my channel
It was quite my work then for now.
talk about getting women to start picking up
pokémons because it's worth much more
until the next
such that this old thing will have even is not the
happy hour is an airplane
It was me that I just did not pay